Change TLP Indicator Field Default Value (#30428)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonTypes/ReleaseNotes/3_3_88.md

#### Indicator Fields
##### Traffic Light Protocol

> - You can now choose not to assign a TLP value (color).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where it was not possible to leave an empty TLP value (color)
```
